Today, I'm going to reveal the secret of how an individual investor who was born in the year of the original made about 300 billion won with a single coin investment. He started investing in coins with about 6 million won in 2017, and made 300 billion won in assets in just four years. Then let's take a closer look at the secret of how Wonyo made 300 billion won with 6 million won. The trading technique of Wonyo band. He thoroughly traded on charts. Usually, he thought that only those who could obtain information can buy and sell good news, so he sold mainly on charts. Other information, such as long-term ratio liquidation fund, didn't pay much attention. The key point of the year was to use chart analysis to understand the market atmosphere. The key point was to understand the big picture of the market through the Wonyo chart and set up a trading strategy accordingly. The chart analysis accurately predicted the rise and fall and adjusted the position accordingly. In addition, he values the main support and resistance lines and determines the timing of buying and selling based on this. Flexible trading according to market conditions Second, the Wonyo band responded flexibly according to market conditions When news came out that could have a big impact on the coin market, we decided that if the market atmosphere is good, there is a high possibility that it will rise without being affected by any bad news. On the contrary, if the market atmosphere is bad, it is highly likely to fall as it will not be affected by good news. So, we flexibly traded according to market conditions. The year of the year of the year was excellent at reading the flow of the market. He grasped the big picture of the market by referring to various economic indicators and news. Sensitive to changes in the market, he adjusted his position accordingly. 3. The year of the year of the year of the year of the year of mechanical withdrawal is usually recommended, but the year of the year of the year of the year, when he left the scenario he had previously thought of, or when he was losing his mind, the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year was possible thanks to the secret of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year. The year of the year of the year of the year of the year, the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year, the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year, the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year, the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year, the year of the year of the year of the year of the year, the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year, the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year 4 High win rate and low magnification Risk management Fourth, One-Yo-Bi's trading methods were high win rate, low leverage, and compound interest investment. I thought increasing the winning rate was the secret to the success of investment. Rather than buying and selling hoping for a shot, I used the magic of compound interest, which consistently yields 12% return per day. In fact, Won-Yo used leverage carefully, which is 6 million won to 60 billion won over three years. High leverage can bring great returns, but it also comes with that great risk. He used low leverage to build a stable profit. Thorough fund management Finally, Won-Yo-Bi's method of fund management. He emphasized to invest 20% of the total investment seed. When the investment was small, it was sold ten times the leverage. As the assets grew, they gradually reduced the leverage. I recommended buying in installments and buying accounts for thorough risk management. I also advised people to be careful about unplanned watering and never for beginners. Won-Yo emphasized the importance of fund management. He said that the most important thing in investing is not to lose moneyTo this end, he always divided funds to invest and minimize risks. How to use the charts in the year of the year of the year. Now, let's learn about how to use the charts in the year of the year of the year. By practicing charts every day, I became a chart master through thorough risk management. I used charts as a tool to read the psychology of market participants rather than chart patterns. In particular, I bought and sold coins with high market capitalization. When buying and selling altcoins, I made sure to refer to bitcoin charts. When looking at the chart of the year of the year of the year of the year, I used the candle pattern and the horizon to predict market trends and recoil. When looking at the chart of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year of the year I hope you can make a successful investment by referring to the strategy of the year of the year of the year. Successful investment is the result of endless study and analysis